Factorize the Min and Max value settings group (#3447)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_raster/raster_properties.rst

With the multiband color renderer, three selected bands from the image will be
rendered, each band representing the red, green or blue component that will be

> used to create a color image. QGIS automatically fetches for each band its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to create a color image. QGIS automatically fetches
```

> :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values over the whole raster and scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values for each band of the raster and scales
```

> the coloring accordingly but you can control the values range with the help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the coloring accordingly. You can control the value ranges with the help
```

   Raster Symbology - Singleband pseudocolor rendering

> Using a :guilabel:`Band` of the layer and its :ref:`values range set <minmaxvalues>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a :guilabel:`Band` of the layer and a :ref:`values range <minmaxvalues>`,
```

The |checkbox| :guilabel:`Clip out of range values` allows QGIS to not render pixel
greater than the :guilabel:`Max` value.

.. _minmaxvalues:

Setting the min and max values
..............................

By default, QGIS reports the :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values of the band(s)

> of the raster. A lot of images have a few very low and high data which can have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the raster. A few very low and/or high values can have a
```

negative impact on the rendering of the raster. The :ref:`Min/Max Value Settings
<minmaxvalues>` menu helps you control the values to render.

.. _figure_raster_minmaxvalues:

.. figure:: img/rasterMinMaxValues.png
   :align: center

   Raster Symbology - Min and Max Value Settings

Available options are:

> * |radioButtonOff| :guilabel:`User defined`: Allows to manually override the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |radioButtonOff| :guilabel:`User defined`: The default
```

>   :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values of the band(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Min` and :guilabel:`Max` values of the band(s) can be overridden
```

> * |radioButtonOff| :guilabel:`Cumulative count cut`: Removes the outliers data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |radioButtonOff| :guilabel:`Cumulative count cut`: Removes outliers.
```

>   The standard data range of the data values is set from ``2%`` to ``98%`` and can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The standard range of values is ``2%`` to ``98%``, but can
```

>   be adapted manually. With this setting, the gray character of the image can disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be adapted manually.
```

Reviewer: I am am not sure what is meant by the "gray character of the image".

Author: Me neither. This PR mainly reuses the text that was already there and this expression that i suspected to relate to pseudocolor gray is also available in multiband and singleband pseudocolor. Thus, I reuse ;)

Reviewer: If we don't understand it, I guess we can safely remove it (it seems to be meant as an explanation).

> * |radioButtonOn| :guilabel:`Min/max`: Creates a color table with all of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |radioButtonOn| :guilabel:`Min/max`: Uses the whole range of values in the image band.
```

>   data included in the image (e.g., QGIS creates a color table with 256 values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   given the fact that you have 8 bit bands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Another widely reused expression I did not understand.

Reviewer: I don't think this adds any useful information, so I suggest we remove it.
